New pattern: Upload files to S3 bucket using presigned URLs (terraform) (#2475)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: apigw-lambda-s3-terraform-java/README.md

> # Upload file up to 5GB to Amazon S3 bucket using presigned URL using Terraform 

Reviewer: I understand the intention but I suggest moving the 5 GB limitation to the paragraph below instead of the title

Author: Got it. I have moved the 5GB limitation to the paragraph below!

- [Maven 3.8.6 or above](https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi) installed

## Deployment Instructions

1. Create a new directory, navigate to that directory in a terminal and clone the GitHub repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/aws-samples/serverless-patterns
   ```

2. Change directory to the pattern directory:
   ```bash
   cd serverless-patterns/apigw-lambda-s3-terraform-java
   ```

3. From the command line, execute the below command to build the Java based AWS Lambda funtion using Maven. This will create `MyS3PreSignedURLGeneratorFunction.zip` file under the `target` folder.
   ```bash
   mvn clean package
   ```

4. From the command line, use Terraform to deploy the AWS resources for the pattern as specified in the main.tf file:
   ```bash
   terraform init
   terraform apply
   ```
5. During the prompts:

   - Enter the desired prefix to identify your project
   - Enter the desired AWS Region. 
   - Do you want to perform these actions? Enter 'yes'
   

6. Note the output from the terraform deployment process. This contains the REST API URL which is used for next step as well as testing.

## How it works

> This Terraform project uses allows user to upload a file up to 5 GB size using Amazon S3 bucket pre-sienged URL. Please refer to the architecture diagram below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Terraform project uses allows user to upload a file up to 5 GB size using Amazon S3 bucket presigned URL. Please refer to the architecture diagram below:
```

Author: Changed all pre-seigned wordings to presigned

![End to End Architecture](images/architecture.png)

Here's a breakdown of the steps:

1. **Amazon API Gateway**: Receives the HTTP POST request containing the file name to be uploaded.

> 2. **AWS Lambda**: Triggered by the API Gateway, this function creates a pre-signed S3 bucket URL with PUT object permission for the provided key (file name).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **AWS Lambda**: Triggered by the API Gateway, this function creates a presigned S3 bucket URL with PUT object permission for the provided key (file name).
```

Author: Changed as well

> 3. **Amazon S3**: User uploads a file upto 5 GB size using pre-signed URL. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Amazon S3**: User uploads a file up to 5 GB size using presigned URL. 
```

Author: Changed as well

## Testing

1. For testing this, you can use any file upto 5 GB in size. For example you can downlaod the [Amazon S3 user guide](https://s3.amazonaws.com/awsdocs/S3/latest/s3-gsg.pdf). 

2. Run the following command from to run the test class to upload a file using Amazon S3 pre-signed URL:

   ```bash
   java -cp target/test-classes/ com.example.S3UploadIntegrationTest
   ```

2. During the prompts:

>    - Enter the REST API URL to get the pre-signed URL: from the `terraform apply` output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Enter the REST API URL to get the presigned URL: from the `terraform apply` output
```

Author: Changed as well
